Direct users to self-update postgres to display network-restrictions.mdx (#21644)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/platform/network-restrictions.mdx

<Admonition type="note">

> If you cannot find the Network Restrictions section at the bottom of your [Database Settings](https://supabase.com/dashboard/project/_/settings/database), you will need to update your version of Postgres in the [Infrastructure Settings](https://supabase.com/dashboard/project/_/settings/infrastructure)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you can't find the Network Restrictions section at the bottom of your [Database Settings](/dashboard/project/_/settings/database), update your version of Postgres in the [Infrastructure Settings](/dashboard/project/_/settings/infrastructure).
```
